Mr. Qin, did I invite your host?
Missing your host is Bach Tu Dinh.
Mr. White, you guys?
This Tran Dao Qin Understand
If it is the White Prince's invitation
Just rest assured.
Qin Xiao, I'm here waiting for you to return.
Okay.
Haha ha, Liao Shao Xiao is finished now.
It must be a plot to find someone pretending to be his White Prince.
Which led to White Prince thunder very angry.
This is called self-perpetuating evil.
Meet someone with a number of days.
The marketing is done.
We're not done yet.
Everybody wait for me.
We are all waiting for today's seven-yard humiliation, I must call you back.
I won't let you go.
Thanh Ngoc billion Tan Xiao school itself died
If you are looking for someone to appear, White
Let's give him up quickly.
Run.
Maybe there's a chance to save lives.
Give up completely
Wasn't there Qin Xiao just now, can we turn the danger into security?
Do you have a conscience?
Whether this is true or false remains to be seen.
We can't just listen to one side of Liang Uy's words.
But if the White Prince is angry with me
It's hard to escape and easy to die.
Have you forgotten that I bet with my family?
Now I can only rely on the drama "The Five Great Kings" to get a firm foothold in the imperial family.
Then I can ask Prince White to come out on my sister's behalf.
So...
I can only risk my life for Qin Xiao.
But pretending to be White Prince is no small thing.
Who knows what he'll do next?
There's nothing worse than me marrying the king.
If I marry the royal family
From now on, it's not just me who will become Wang Xuyen's toy.
Even my Chen family s career will become a royal accessory.